These are my codes written in JavaScript for Node.js

How to install Node.js?
Node.js is a JavaScript platform that allows you to run code outside the browser, widely used for developing servers and JavaScript-based tools. Follow the steps below to install Node.js on your computer:

Identify your operating system
Make sure you know which operating system you are using (Windows, Linux, or macOS) and its architecture (32-bit or 64-bit).
NOTE: Several terminal commands will be provided; these commands should be entered in sequence (from top to bottom).

Installation on Windows
A. Downloading Node.js
Visit the official Node.js website: https://nodejs.org.
Click the recommended download button (LTS - Long Term Support) for your Windows version.

B. Installing Node.js
Open the installer you downloaded.
Follow the installer steps:

Accept the license terms.
Choose the installation location (the default is usually recommended).
Ensure that the "Add to PATH" option is checked.
Complete the installation.
C. Verify the installation
After installation, open the Command Prompt (cmd) or PowerShell and type:
node -v
This will display the installed Node.js version.

Also, verify the npm (Node Package Manager) installation:
npm -v
This will display the version of the package manager that comes with Node.js.


Installation on Linux (Commands vary depending of your distro)

Ubuntu/Debian/Other Ubuntu-based distros
These distributions use the apt package manager and have direct support for Node.js.

Official method (most updated)
Update the packages:
sudo apt update
Install the necessary tools:
sudo apt install -y curl software-properties-common
Add the official Node.js repository:
curl -fsSL https://deb.nodesource.com/setup_lts.x | sudo -E bash -
This adds the latest LTS (Long Term Support) version.
Install Node.js:
sudo apt install -y nodejs

Fedora/CentOS/RHEL
These distributions use the dnf or yum package manager.

Official method
Install Node.js directly from the official repository:
curl -fsSL https://rpm.nodesource.com/setup_lts.x | sudo bash -
Install Node.js:
sudo dnf install -y nodejs
Use yum instead of dnf for CentOS-based distributions.

Arch Linux and derivatives (Manjaro, EndeavourOS)
Arch-based distributions use the pacman package manager.

Standard method:
Update the packages:
sudo pacman -Syu
Install Node.js:
sudo pacman -S nodejs npm

OpenSUSE
OpenSUSE distributions use the zypper package manager.

Standard method
Update the repositories:
sudo zypper refresh
Install Node.js:
sudo zypper install nodejs14 npm

Alternative methods (work on any distro)
If your distribution is not compatible with the methods above or you prefer something universal, here are options that work on any Linux:

A. Using Node Version Manager (NVM)
Install NVM (Node Version Manager):
curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nvm-sh/nvm/v0.39.5/install.sh | bash
Close and reopen the terminal, or run:
source ~/.bashrc
Install the LTS version of Node.js with NVM:
nvm install --lts
Advantage: With NVM, you can manage multiple versions of Node.js and easily switch between them.

B. Using Snap
If Snap is enabled on your distribution:
sudo snap install node --classic --channel=16
Replace 16 with the desired version number.

Verify the installation
After installation, confirm Node.js is working:
node -v
npm -v


Installation on macOS
A. Using the official installer
Visit https://nodejs.org.
Download the recommended installer (LTS) for macOS.
Open the installer and follow the steps to complete the installation.

B. Using Homebrew
If you already have Homebrew installed:
Update Homebrew:
brew update
Install Node.js:
brew install node

C. Verify the installation
After installing, check the versions:
node -v
npm -v

Final Configuration
No matter the operating system, after installing Node.js and npm, you can test your installation by creating and running a simple JavaScript file. Follow these steps:

Create a test.js file with the following content:
console.log("Node.js is working!");

In the terminal or command prompt, run:
node test.js

You will see the message: "Node.js is working!".

Now you are ready to use Node.js and run the codes in this repository!

Also, install the "Code Runner" extension in VS Code to run JavaScript codes more efficiently.
